docs/sdks/schemastore/README.md, before:

# SchemaStore
(*schemaStore*)

## Overview

### Available Operations

* [createSchemaStoreItem](#createschemastoreitem) - Create a schema in the schema store

## createSchemaStoreItem

Create a schema in the schema store

### Example Usage

```typescript
import { Speakeasy } from "@speakeasy-api/speakeasy-client-sdk-typescript";

const speakeasy = new Speakeasy({
  security: {
    apiKey: "<YOUR_API_KEY_HERE>",
  },
});

async function run() {
  const result = await speakeasy.schemaStore.createSchemaStoreItem({
    format: "yaml",
    packageName: "<value>",
    sdkClassname: "<value>",
    spec: "<value>",
  });

  // Handle the result
  console.log(result);
}

run();
```

### Standalone function

The standalone function version of this method:

```typescript
import { SpeakeasyCore } from "@speakeasy-api/speakeasy-client-sdk-typescript/core.js";
import { schemaStoreCreateSchemaStoreItem } from "@speakeasy-api/speakeasy-client-sdk-typescript/funcs/schemaStoreCreateSchemaStoreItem.js";

// Use `SpeakeasyCore` for best tree-shaking performance.
// You can create one instance of it to use across an application.
const speakeasy = new SpeakeasyCore({
  security: {
    apiKey: "<YOUR_API_KEY_HERE>",
  },
});

async function run() {
  const res = await schemaStoreCreateSchemaStoreItem(speakeasy, {
    format: "yaml",
    packageName: "<value>",
    sdkClassname: "<value>",
    spec: "<value>",
  });

  if (!res.ok) {
    throw res.error;
  }

  const { value: result } = res;

  // Handle the result
  console.log(result);
}

run();
```

### Parameters

| Parameter                                                                                                                                                                      | Type                                                                                                                                                                           | Required                                                                                                                                                                       | Description                                                                                                                                                                    |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `request`                                                                                                                                                                      | [operations.CreateSchemaStoreItemRequestBody](../../sdk/models/operations/createschemastoreitemrequestbody.md)                                                                 | :heavy_check_mark:                                                                                                                                                             | The request object to use for the request.                                                                                                                                     |
| `options`                                                                                                                                                                      | RequestOptions                                                                                                                                                                 | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                                                                             | Used to set various options for making HTTP requests.                                                                                                                          |
| `options.fetchOptions`                                                                                                                                                         | [RequestInit](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/Request#options)                                                                                        | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                                                                             | Options that are passed to the underlying HTTP request. This can be used to inject extra headers for examples. All `Request` options, except `method` and `body`, are allowed. |
| `options.retries`                                                                                                                                                              | [RetryConfig](../../lib/utils/retryconfig.md)                                                                                                                                  | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                                                                             | Enables retrying HTTP requests under certain failure conditions.                                                                                                               |

### Response

**Promise\<[operations.CreateSchemaStoreItemResponse](../../sdk/models/operations/createschemastoreitemresponse.md)\>**

### Errors

| Error Type      | Status Code     | Content Type    |
| --------------- | --------------- | --------------- |
| errors.SDKError | 4XX, 5XX        | \*/\*           |

Commit message:

feat: improve error handling interface + react query

docs/sdks/schemastore/README.md, after:

# SchemaStore
(*schemaStore*)

## Overview

### Available Operations

* [createSchemaStoreItem](#createschemastoreitem) - Create a schema in the schema store

## createSchemaStoreItem

Create a schema in the schema store

### Example Usage

```typescript
import { Speakeasy } from "@speakeasy-api/speakeasy-client-sdk-typescript";

const speakeasy = new Speakeasy({
  security: {
    apiKey: "<YOUR_API_KEY_HERE>",
  },
});

async function run() {
  const result = await speakeasy.schemaStore.createSchemaStoreItem({
    format: "yaml",
    packageName: "<value>",
    sdkClassname: "<value>",
    spec: "<value>",
  });

  // Handle the result
  console.log(result);
}

run();
```

### Standalone function

The standalone function version of this method:

```typescript
import { SpeakeasyCore } from "@speakeasy-api/speakeasy-client-sdk-typescript/core.js";
import { schemaStoreCreateSchemaStoreItem } from "@speakeasy-api/speakeasy-client-sdk-typescript/funcs/schemaStoreCreateSchemaStoreItem.js";

// Use `SpeakeasyCore` for best tree-shaking performance.
// You can create one instance of it to use across an application.
const speakeasy = new SpeakeasyCore({
  security: {
    apiKey: "<YOUR_API_KEY_HERE>",
  },
});

async function run() {
  const res = await schemaStoreCreateSchemaStoreItem(speakeasy, {
    format: "yaml",
    packageName: "<value>",
    sdkClassname: "<value>",
    spec: "<value>",
  });

  if (!res.ok) {
    throw res.error;
  }

  const { value: result } = res;

  // Handle the result
  console.log(result);
}

run();
```

### React hooks and utilities

This method can be used in React components through the following hooks and
associated utilities.

> Check out [this guide][hook-guide] for information about each of the utilities
> below and how to get started using React hooks.

[hook-guide]: ../../../REACT_QUERY.md

```tsx
import {
  // Mutation hook for triggering the API call.
  useSchemaStoreCreateSchemaStoreItemMutation
} from "@speakeasy-api/speakeasy-client-sdk-typescript/react-query/schemaStoreCreateSchemaStoreItem.js";
```

### Parameters

| Parameter                                                                                                                                                                      | Type                                                                                                                                                                           | Required                                                                                                                                                                       | Description                                                                                                                                                                    |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `request`                                                                                                                                                                      | [operations.CreateSchemaStoreItemRequestBody](../../sdk/models/operations/createschemastoreitemrequestbody.md)                                                                 | :heavy_check_mark:                                                                                                                                                             | The request object to use for the request.                                                                                                                                     |
| `options`                                                                                                                                                                      | RequestOptions                                                                                                                                                                 | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                                                                             | Used to set various options for making HTTP requests.                                                                                                                          |
| `options.fetchOptions`                                                                                                                                                         | [RequestInit](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Request/Request#options)                                                                                        | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                                                                             | Options that are passed to the underlying HTTP request. This can be used to inject extra headers for examples. All `Request` options, except `method` and `body`, are allowed. |
| `options.retries`                                                                                                                                                              | [RetryConfig](../../lib/utils/retryconfig.md)                                                                                                                                  | :heavy_minus_sign:                                                                                                                                                             | Enables retrying HTTP requests under certain failure conditions.                                                                                                               |

### Response

**Promise\<[shared.SchemaStoreItem](../../sdk/models/shared/schemastoreitem.md)\>**

### Errors

| Error Type       | Status Code      | Content Type     |
| ---------------- | ---------------- | ---------------- |
| errors.ErrorT    | 4XX              | application/json |
| errors.SDKError  | 5XX              | \*/\*            |
